Add alert about duplicate key exception (#30712)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/configuration-providers.md

- [XML configuration provider](#xml-configuration-provider)
- [INI configuration provider](#ini-configuration-provider)

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Keys are case-insensitive, so be sure that your keys are unique. All of the file configuration providers throw the <xref:System.FormatException> when duplicate keys are found.

Reviewer: Why does this call for `[!IMPORTANT]`. IMAO, the blazing chrome of something so obvious makes me want to skip other such chrome.

And I don't see the connection between case-insensitive, ***so***
And unique across what?  It's expected you use the same key in multiple config providers. The connection string value in debug is different than the value in production.

`Keys are case-insensitive` that's the important part this doc was missing.

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > Keys are case-insensitive, so be sure that your keys are unique. All of the file configuration providers throw the <xref:System.FormatException> when duplicate keys are found.

Author: ```suggestion
Keys are case-insensitive. All of the file configuration providers throw the <xref:System.FormatException> when duplicate keys are found in a single provider. For example, if your _appsettings.json_ file contains duplicate keys it will error:

```json
{
    "settings": "value-1",
    "SETTINGS": "value-2"
}
```
```
